[Music]
I am and a brand new city I say another
California City Los Angeles look so so
lovely as always fantastic single time
and get stuff done I'm LA is growing on
just a few I'm going to share some more
deets with you later on on the Y I am in
San Francisco but I am with Jie Jie
you're looking good
let me see your Texas swag whoa what
Texas shirt is that just Texas it's just
it's just a shirt about technique
respect well I just felt I need to rub
it for you yeah who are you who even are
you there's some new PG fan around here
how are they going to know who you are
do you not speak
it doesn't speak hi Jamie
I'm Sara I'm your daughter I'm Jane stir
your the Jean stir the mother you
brought me something oh my gosh am I
gonna have to sue them b:g what get much
sleep last night there's a lot of things
to finish in LA before coming here I
definitely think you can see all the
epicness and all the late nights and the
hard work and
my circles around my eyes right now um
but yeah I'm tired but so sad to leave
John again but I have changing out
Jeannie and John my two favorite humans
on the planet thank goodness I got to
see them back-to-back it's going to be
consistent why am I here it is the end
of an era it's the end of the creative
the adobe creative residency the adobe
very residency is a year where you are a
adobea president and they pay you to
pursue your passions on your gear here
and saying right I have the opportunity
to fulfill all of these crazy ideas that
I had in my head about meeting new
people interviewing people taking my
youtube channel so that's level
traveling to these places I just I had
all of these opportunities and I could
actually pursue them because of the
Adobe created residency exactly one year
ago I was back in this hotel
interviewing doing the final interviews
towards us said residency
[Music]
I am here at Angela's office but I am
here to visit me if my product hunt
friends you don't know what product hunt
is I'm going to let you explain it for
that use what is product hunt what do
you do it probably happened it was a
place to discover you crossed a lunch
every day so we're really good at making
fun of Facebook hopping snapchat really
good at menu box and Chrome extensions
and yes community of makers interact on
the wheel of McRoy yep and we're
starting to like and oh he just tweeted
out a picture of just these two things I
was like waiting for Sarah G cheese
arrivals amazing product sense logo the
cat the kitty
that's a Google glass on so epic angel
with the halo so explain to them
what angel list is because not only is
Angeles and sit company but their CEO is
massively inspiring yes Nevada the one
reason I got into tech so angel if it
started with as a fundraising platform
to help entrepreneurs raise money and
now it's more for health angels kind of
kind of almost the obesity on the fly
like they put in some money and goes
come never stop and like a full on
really the check this is their event
space the conference room up here
look how pretty this is just stunning
and the coolest part is look it's the
Steve Steve so that'll they have a bar
this is legitimately like a bar Angeles
and product all survives this is so cool
a few things that are any very near
future of course future Peter India's
future future you recital they're also
nervous is this Cuba documentary that
I'm going to be diving in very soon it
will be my first proper for you a 50
minute documentary that I really don't
know the direction of it yet but it's
gonna be dope second thing that I'm very
excited about is I'm bringing back a
series I am bringing back that created
like this thing that we do in about
magic is about research I am here with
Brandon Harvey over here sort of that
created my time here with Chase terms
say creative interview series that I did
but something that I know a lot of you
guys are missing is create space TV the
process of making something come to life
it's a big thing it's like my favorite
thing in the world if you're curious
about the creative process or just have
an appreciation for an inspiring work
space join me this fall for season three
of creative spaces TV we are two of the
gregory brothers my name is Gloria I
live in Los Angeles and I guess I make
vitamins for living my name is jeremy
Cowart I am a photographer main gear I
take in my camera bag the Canon 5d s he
try to please everyone so please no one
everyday I can get just like knocking
down every barrier and making your path
there was some confusion on the
differences create efficiency penis be
more fancy mini donkey series that I
highlighted filmmakers photographers
designers in their space I showed how
they do what they do and where they do
at the tool they create with as I
simultaneously put in a story it was the
fancier documentary version face we have
that creative life where I literally
just sit on the couch and ask creatives
and entrepreneurs questions I'm bringing
back that creative life but in a way so
there's no rules but then I want that
creative life to just be like
live in that creative life yo so I'm
going to talk to different creators and
entrepreneurs but I'm not going to put
any batteries on what it needs to be
whether it is a documentary or just stay
on the couch with someone or if I want
to get fancy with editing it's just
going to be fun videos highlighting
creators and hopefully getting advice to
you on how to live that is literally a
nice life living your business you want
to live your best life in terms of
travel I do want to get a little bit
more intentional with it
I have become very bicoastal between LA
and New York but definitely be in a city
as much as possible York City is a bomb
diggity another big thing coming up is
merch there's going to be merge soon it
might be a little bit limited and on
sell for only a short amount of time but
it's going to be here the course I'll
keep bringing in the tech videos and the
tutorials and the blogs and everything
basically the goal this year is how can
I scale how can I do as many things as
possible without killing myself try an
LED wall probably the coolest thing
about the Adobe office
[Music]
your presidents and a lot of cool
creative people from around the city
Senate converge here for dinner and
drinks and planning conversations Adobe
is the only reason why I got all these
amazing opportunities las Heras really
pursue what I wanted to pursue they are
a company that I use their products
every single day I am an Adobe Premiere
CC editing my videos like six eight
hours a day and so to have a company
that is a part of my everyday naturally
to believe in my creative skills and
Colin put that recipe for a year with
easily created residency it's amazing so
it's really very a weird Julia's
bittersweet its but yeah
[Music]
I'm tired
[Applause]
what a one of two days
madam SEO made this realization I made
this realization how tiny Jeanne beaches
look look how easy it is to pick up
[Music]
guy's life has turned this quite turn
I'm going back in here today for a
little bit and then may is crazy at
playlist live is coming up we'll make
sure that they hike me if you're a
playlist live it is a YouTube conference
techniques and work in Orlando yeah I'm
going to be letting you in all of my
dressing stuff next couple months
exciting times a new chapter really feel
like it's the new when you beginning
from Jeannie and Sarah to your screen
stay peaches apt okay
[Music]